! If you're looking for settings to configure, they won't be saved here until
! you change something in the fluxbox configuration menu.

session.menuFile: ~/.fluxbox/my-menu
session.keyFile: ~/.fluxbox/keys
session.appsFile: ~/.fluxbox/apps
session.slitlistFile: ~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.styleFile: /usr/share/fluxbox/styles/bloe
session.styleOverlay: ~/.fluxbox/overlay
session.cacheLife: 15
session.cacheMax: 2000
session.doubleClickInterval: 250
session.forcePseudoTransparency: false
session.autoRaiseDelay: 0
session.ignoreBorder: true
session.configVersion: 13
session.screen0.workspaces: 1
session.screen0.workspacewarping: false
session.screen0.toolbar.visible: false
session.screen0.focusNewWindows: true
session.screen0.followModel: Follow
session.screen0.userFollowModel: Follow
session.screen0.fullMaximization: true
session.screen0.maxDisableMove: true
session.screen0.autoRaise: true
session.screen0.allowRemoteActions: false
session.screen0.focusModel: ClickFocus
session.screen0.tabFocusModel: ClickToTabFocus
session.screen0.noFocusWhileTypingDelay: 0
session.screen0.clickRaises: true
session.screen0.defaultDeco: NORMAL
session.screen0.window.focus.alpha: 150
session.screen0.window.unfocus.alpha: 125
session.screen0.opaqueMove: true
